README.md, before:

# Dataportal

This project was generated with [angular-cli](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.0.0-beta.30.

## Development server
### UHERO Data Portal
Run `ng serve --app=uhero` for a dev server of the UHERO data portal. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

### NTA Data Portal
Run `ng serve --app=nta` for a dev server of the NTA data portal. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive/pipe/service/class/module`.

## Build
### UHERO Data Portal
Run `npm run build-uhero` for the production build of the UHERO Data Portal. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

### NTA Data Portal
Run `npm run build-nta` for the production build of the UHERO Data Portal. The build artifacts will be stored in the `ntaDist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io). Use `--app=uhero` or `--app=nta` to specify the UHERO or NTA Data Portal.

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

## Further help

To get more help on the `angular-cli` use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular-CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

change port number for staging

README.md, after:

# Dataportal

This project was generated with [angular-cli](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.0.0-beta.30.

## Development server
### UHERO Data Portal
Run `npm run start-uhero-dev` for a dev server of the UHERO data portal. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

### NTA Data Portal
Run `npm run start-nta-dev` for a dev server of the NTA data portal. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Staging server
### UHERO Data Portal
Run `npm run start-uhero-staging` to run the UHERO data portal in the staging server.

### NTA Data Portal
Run `npm run start-nta-staging` to run the NTA data portal in the staging server.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive/pipe/service/class/module`.

## Build
### UHERO Data Portal
Run `npm run build-uhero` for the production build of the UHERO Data Portal. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

### NTA Data Portal
Run `npm run build-nta` for the production build of the UHERO Data Portal. The build artifacts will be stored in the `ntaDist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io). Use `--app=uhero` or `--app=nta` to specify the UHERO or NTA Data Portal.

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

## Further help

To get more help on the `angular-cli` use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular-CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
